### APPEARANCE ###
theme = catppuccin-mocha
macos-titlebar-style = tabs
window-padding-x = 25
#window-padding-y = 10
window-padding-balance = true
window-width = 100
window-height = 50
window-save-state = always
background-opacity = 0.8
background-blur-radius = 40
quick-terminal-position = center
unfocused-split-opacity = 0.35

### FONT ###
font-family = Monaspace Krypton Frozen
font-size = 14
cursor-style = block_hollow
cursor-style-blink = false
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true

### KEYBINDS ###
keybind = ctrl+alt+h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+alt+j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+alt+k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+alt+l=goto_split:right
keybind = global:cmd+control+<=toggle_quick_terminal
keybind = super+r=reload_config
keybind = alt+up=scroll_page_lines:-2
keybind = alt+down=scroll_page_lines:2


### EXTRAS ###
copy-on-select = clipboard
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
link-url = true
auto-update = download
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
initial-window = false
quick-terminal-animation-duration = 0
window-inherit-working-directory = false